# Reminder: Do NOT M-q this document!

Buyer Dashboard & Seller Dashboard

The app offers both a buyers' and sellers' dashboard, which the app user can choose between using two tabs at the top of the screen. They act as the "main menu" of the app. Most dashboard features are shared between the buyers' and sellers' dashboards.

Dining Hall Selection

The dashboards contain four checkboxes corresponding to the four UCLA dining halls. Users check these checkboxes to indicate the set of dining halls that they are interested in buying/selling swipes for. A buyer and a seller can be matched only if they have at least one such dining hall in common.

Bid Pricing

At a minimum, we will provide a slider to select the price users are willing to pay/accept in order to buy/sell a swipe. A buyer and seller can be matched only if the buyer's bid is at least as much as the seller's asking price.

We're also considering adding a "price slip" feature: users can specify a dollars-per-hour price slip factor, and the app will periodically decrease the user's asking price down to a seller-specified minimum price. A similar but reversed system can be provided for buyers. This feature is similar in concept to a Dutch Auction, and can make it more likely that user bids are answered.

Timing

A time slider is provided for users to indicate the time that they would like to buy/sell swipes. The app attempts to match buyers and sellers with similar times. The left margin represents the current time, and the right margin the end of the current meal period.

By default, the time slider is set all the way to the left, indicating that the user is interested in trading swipes as soon as possible. If the user fails to
make a match at their preferred time, they are not automatically removed from the system; instead, their time slider will remain pinned at the leftmost 'ASAP' setting.

Buyer Dashboard Results List

A list of matched sellers appears in real time at the bottom of the buyer dashboard, with a notification being sent for each new entry. Each list entry includes the seller's time, price, and list of dining halls in common between the seller and buyer. An "interested" button appears besides each entry; when pressed, the buyer is entered into the pressed seller's list of interested buyers.

Seller Dashboard Results List

Sellers see the aforementioned list of interested buyers -- these entries include the buyer's preferred time and dining halls (but not the buyer's price, to avoid pricing conflicts). Similar to the buyers' result lists, each list entry includes an "interested" button. When pressed and confirmed, a notification is sent to the selected buyer.

Unlisting

Both buyers and sellers can unlist themselves, preventing the service from attempting to find more matches for them. Unlisted buyers can still see the list of sellers that they had previously indicated interest in, and unlisted sellers keep their list of interested buyers.

